Gif documentation (#69)
puppetlabs/puppet-data-service: README.md

```
pds-cli
```
[The PDS CLI documentation](golang/pds-cli/doc/pds-cli.md) section has detailed instructions of the available options

> ## PDS cli demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PDS CLI demo
```

> Demonstrating the PDS cli you can view the following gifs.

Reviewer: @davidsandilands  What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Demonstrating the PDS CLI capabilities with the below GIFs
```

> 1. Adding a class to a instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adding a class to a node
```

> Steps
> * Check the content of site.pp and hiera.yaml to allow for class and configuration on the server
> * Check the content of the client catalog on the client
> * Add the motd class to the client node with the pds-cli on the server
> * Running the puppet agent on the client node and confirm the new class is in the catalog and applied.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should ident "Steps" below the "Adding a class to a node" item?

```suggestion
    - Steps
       * Check the content of `site.pp` and `hiera.yaml` to allow for class and configuration on the server
       * Check the content of the client catalog on the client
      * Add the `motd` class to the client node with the `pds-cli` on the server
      * Running the Puppet agent on the client node and confirming the new class is in the catalog and applied.
```

> ![Add a class with PDS](./docs/images/pdsaddfact.gif)

Reviewer: I love the idea @davidsandilands 👍  great initiative! 

While the terminal/font size is small, it looks good when you Zoom in.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1958982/167171200-b527d4d0-8987-4c20-87be-0f36bb5f41f4.png)

I wish it could go a bit slower though, because it's hard to follow it (lot's of changes in a short period of time), but it's doable if you watch the GIF a couple of times :)

Author: Let me have another shot with text size and see if i can get another gif recorder I was limited to 30 seconds

2. Adding hiera data to a node

> 
> Steps
> * Add a hiera value for the client node for motd content 
> * Run puppet on the client and confirm the new content is pplied

Reviewer: Just suggesting the indentation as well

```suggestion
    - Steps
      * Add a Hiera value for the client node for `motd` content 
      * Run Puppet on the client and confirm the new content is applied
```

![Add hiera data with PDS](./docs/images/pdsaddhiera.gif)

3. Adding a fact and using it in hiera data

> 
> Steps
> * Add a fact to the client node with the pds-cli
> * Run puppet on the client to pick up the new fact
> * API call to show external facts on the server
> * Update the hiera content with the pds-cli to change motd content and include the fact
> * Run puppet on the client to apply the change to motd

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   - Steps
     * Add a fact to the client node with the `pds-cli`
     * Run Puppet on the client to pick up the new fact
     * API call to show external facts on the server
     * Update the Hiera content with the `pds-cli` to change `motd` content and include the fact
     * Run Puppet on the client to apply the change to `motd`
```
